How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that 
was introduced?

    Because it help me to identify the different words or typo between a version and other including 
the line number

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Put a line limit of code

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    A automatically saved docs can saved you of external insidents like the electrical current
    turn off but dont allow you return to some old version.

    Git allow you get old versions of your codes 

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Because in this way can you get a better control of yours proyects

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Seeing the lines and words that changed in both files

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Save old files

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Create a proyect with different versions for it

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more 
efficient programmer in the long term?

	It allow you have a near contact with the recient work and look at the 
	difference between its

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, 
like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

	
	The automatically saved will have so much versions and some inecesary,
	but the manually mode can be loss it for the programar.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files 
in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

	Because the Git finally si this.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
	
	chick it the diferences

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could 
break something?



Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?